README.md, before:

# @huijiwiki/mwclient

An opinionated Node.js wrapper for MediaWiki APIs.

Currently under alpha development.

**This library is built for ESM only.**

## Requirements

-   Node.js 16.3+

## Installation

```
npm install @huijiwiki/mwclient
```

or if you use yarn

```
yarn add @huijiwiki/mwclient
```

## Features

-   Everyday actions for your bots, with optional advanced options.
-   Promise-based API.
-   TypeScript is supported.

## Usage

### Creating a client instance

```ts
import { Client } from '@huijiwiki/mwclient';

const client = new Client({
    host: 'en.wikipedia.org', // Required. Site host name, do not include protocol
    protocol: 'https', // Optional. Defaults to 'https'
    apiPath: '/w/api.php' // Optional. Defaults to '/w/api.php'
});
```

### Login

_[MediaWiki API Doc](https://www.mediawiki.org/w/api.php?action=help&modules=login)_

```ts
await client.login('User', 'Password');
```

### Creating/Editing a page

_[MediaWiki API Doc](https://www.mediawiki.org/w/api.php?action=help&modules=edit)_

```ts
await client.editPage('Page', 'Content', { summary: 'Some changes' });
```

More APIs are on the way...

## Error handling

The MediaWiki API returns errors as `200 OK` but this lib will parse it and throw an `Error`, so remember to use `try/catch` when calling an API.

## Contribution

This lib developed and is being internally used by [HuijiWiki](https://www.huijiwiki.com), a wiki farm in Chinese.

The code is too simple to accept help, mostly we will expand it based on our own demands. But you're welcome to make any suggestion.

Commit message:

add more query action types

README.md, after:

# @huijiwiki/mwclient

An opinionated Node.js wrapper for MediaWiki APIs.

Currently under alpha development.

**This library is built for ESM only.**

## Requirements

-   Node.js 16.3+

## Installation

```
npm install @huijiwiki/mwclient
```

or if you use yarn

```
yarn add @huijiwiki/mwclient
```

## Features

-   Everyday actions for your bots, with optional advanced options.
-   Promise-based API.
-   TypeScript is supported.

## Usage

-   The names of functions (actions) are kind of self-descriptive.
-   Critical or commonly used parameters will be function arguments; \
    With an optional object as the last argument, which contains other parameters that make sense for the action.
-   Consult the MediaWiki API documentation for explainations of the parameters.
-   This library is aiming to work with the latest MediaWiki LTS version, older versions may have compatibility issues.

### Creating a client instance

```ts
import { Client } from '@huijiwiki/mwclient';

const client = new Client({
    host: 'en.wikipedia.org', // Required. Site host name, do not include protocol
    protocol: 'https', // Optional. Defaults to 'https'
    apiPath: '/w/api.php' // Optional. Defaults to '/w/api.php'
});
```

### Login <font size="2">[[Details]](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Login)</font>

```ts
await client.login('User', 'Password');
```

### Creating/Editing a page <font size="2">[[Details]](https://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/API:Edit)</font>

```ts
await client.editPage('Page', 'Content', { summary: 'Some changes' });
```

More APIs are on the way...

## Error handling

The MediaWiki API returns errors as `200 OK` but this lib will parse it and throw an `Error`, so remember to use `try/catch` when calling an API.

## Contribution

This lib developed and is being internally used by [HuijiWiki](https://www.huijiwiki.com), a wiki farm in Chinese.

The code is too simple to accept help, mostly we will expand it based on our own demands. But you're welcome to make any suggestion.
